Tiger belly or back tiger belly right now. And, uh, ask me again,
I am a people pleaser and I will tell you I'm a yes, man.
It's funny because, um, people now, um, you know, Tony,
people are moving to Texas and Austin and I'm kind of excited about
it. I'm excited that people are moving Chavez,
ravine for life. You know, I'm going to stay here.
Sense for people that aren't from LA, right?
If they came to LA for a dream or whatever,
and certain things have changed around it,
it makes sense that they they're jumping to another state.
But if you're from here and you're an Angeleno, this lives in your blood.
I don't care if we get burned to a crisp forest.
Well, I'm from San Diego, I guess I, is that LA? No. Well then I'm not, I'm not,
uh, I'm not an Angelina then Kalila is for sure.
You know, California, like for me, you know,
this was the first place I landed from the Philippines.
And I always thought that, Oh, I could live anywhere I could live.
But as I'm getting older, I'm like, Holy, man, like LA is dope. I love it here.
I don't care what anyone says.
Any EV the perception is that like Hollywood as I LA LA and it's not,
it's not the kids that I grew up with. The people that I know,
the friendships that I've made,
it has nothing to do with the elites of Hollywood.
Yeah. I love when kids come here and they have this dream or this idea about Los
Angeles and it's usually, you know, um,
the perception is based on what they've seen through the media or television and
film and whatnot. Right. But then they drive by like, you know,
Western and Santa Monica. Right. And they go, what the? This is not,
you know, that's LA to me, me too. And I love it. Yeah. I love it.
I love the grime of LA. I love the grind.
On my weekends. Um, pre COVID I'd go to [inaudible].
I'd eat there Saturday morning.
I've also tried. I, listen, I want to say,
I love all the cities I've ever been to. I really do.
And there's little bits of it. Like, you know, I like the rain in Portland,
you know, I like just the w the trees and Austin, for some reason,
I just kinda like that, you know? And I like, um, the flatness of Idaho.
So that was a stretch of Brown. I love the beautiful flatness of Idaho.
Have you been to Idaho?
I know as well, Jessica went to Idaho like two years ago and she was like, dude,
it is beautiful.
Now, maybe not Idaho. I'm talking about, um, whereas wise guys,
what are you talking about? Omaha, Omaha, Omaha.
That's the most boring state to drive through Omaha, Nebraska. It's pretty flat.
Oh, it's just corn for five hours. But you know, you have these, you know,
ideas about, especially when you go to a red state and you think yourself,
like my brother always goes, Bob,
it's Texas scary, because it's like a lot of white people with cowboy hats.
It's like, no, dude. That's what like international people think of America.
I know it's like the opposite of that. It's Asian home too. I know.
It's like so fun. And the people are,
so the best audiences I've ever played for is in Texas.
The most wild, you know, there's strip clubs are wild, baby.
You know, I love myself some Texas. And you know, when you look at, you know,
like a political map, you know, it's red or whatever, it's like,
I don't visit those areas. Right. But in the cities, man, it's great.
But, um, but throughout all my travels, um,
I still miss LA everywhere I go, even Hawaii, I was just in Hawaii,
which is, um.
Hey, what's up.
Sleepers is going to take another really quick break to share some of these
amazing products with you.